thump thump thump thump thump ahh pepper
pepper you might be confusing Sara you
got the new v2 a while back what is this
you ride boost boards all the time you
have plenty guys this not only is the
new booster board v2 but it's the v2
with the extended range battery we have
all been waiting for
I ordered this booster board with the
extender drained very a very long time
ago and it's a booster board much longer
than expected to send them out I finally
have the extended range battery which is
going to enable me to go up to 12 miles
I can't even imagine what I'm gonna do
with 12 miles of range on my electric
skateboard ride I'm just gonna keep
riding right forever the only downside
is it's freakin winter I don't want to
be going 22 miles an hour when it's like
30 degrees outside anyways it's unboxed
some swag whoo a boosted about
service get tools super hip sunglasses
experience winter not the cold oh my
gosh they do not have a pop socket
bumpers and stickers
yeah little confession I've already
written it once it just couldn't help
myself it's the remote charger so here's
the thing it is freezing outside it's in
the 30s I would typically take the
subway to the office because it's about
three miles away but I have an
extended-range booster board I feel like
I have to go bring this out I'm just
gonna keep on riding it today until it
runs out of battery and I'll let you
know my experience but first this isn't
got my noggin covered everything
[Music]
so I'm on the West Side Highway about
halfway there it's interesting though
this is where the terrorist attack
happened a couple of weeks ago and so
now I'm noticing they put barriers so
cars can't and I'm like a ram into the
sidewalk which is interesting
literally everywhere but within two
minutes of being on here I wrecked into
someone I wrecked my nails let's
continue the journey and then I'll tell
you about that because my foot hurts
right now I ran into a I can't on the
grocery board I like had a miniature rat
literally thank you for being so
considerate so I have a rhythm alright
this arrived this to the office is that
a word
so basically what happened the moment I
got on the footside River I was writing
slightly behind this long border who was
pushing and pushing pushing
he went around a couple walking so he
was just riding in the opposing lane I
sped up to pass him he didn't look
behind him and he just sharply turned
back into the correct lane and when he
did that ran directly into me this is
disgust from another person's longboard
that I rammed into lol my board went
underneath his longboard he was like
right here we were both falling off her
boards i literally grabbed his backpack
for my dear life now we're flying off
this literally holding onto it like this
we collectively kind of skid across the
road neither of us felt because I was
holding him back he was holding me
forward but I had twisted my hip and
knee and ankle and so everyone right and
I could skate boots just kidding
electric skateboard specifically the
Booster Board makes Manhattan the most
epic city ever because you can get
anywhere super quick however when you're
going 20 miles per hour stuff happens so
just wear a helmet No so I'm in here
three miles boost board still going but
two massive boxes just came in more
stuff
[Music]
hello it is the next day just the first
thing I want to test with this new
booster board is how it does the battery
stack up compared to the v2 just with a
standard battery for my commute to the
office so I did the three mile ride
yesterday with you at eree and today I'm
going to take the normal v2 with a
standard battery okay I survived but my
feet I can't feel them they're like ice
bricks all birds are comfy but they're
not born hi John Sean just air them do
it think about it's time to compare
yesterday I rode the 12 mile extra range
booster boy battery to the office which
is a three mile ride and then John took
it out for another mile today so let's
see how much juice it has left so it
literally has two and a half and then
this is the one that I took today it was
a full charge oh and it has two so two
out of five lights on the six mile range
and two and a half out of five on the 12
more in there show me and so many more
miles
[Music]
John is not the new GoPro six yeah you
look so cool right now yeah oh my gosh
kickflip it bit so I've always worn a
helmet I've gotten into a few wrecks
here and there and then a few just like
awkward bumps into people but the worst
part of that is when it happens you
don't have the footage of it because of
course if something exciting happens
like getting into a wreck you want to
show the Internet I refuse to do this
for so long because it looks so dorky
but I'm gonna be honest look it's kind
of the same gray as a helmet no one's
gonna know I've resisted the GoPro on
the helmet but I refuse to get into
another record all documenting it
ah all right guys we're out here John's
trying to do all these tricks
I'm the real I feel like you should wear
a helmet all right this is test one of
the helmet your first accident
documented just kidding I believe in you
guys are recording this is the first I'm
gonna get to all the fancy tech specs
and analysis later but the goal of this
video is to run this battery down so we
have some more writing
[Music]
you didn't know John is a pro skater so
he always has a lot of fans yeah these
guys are our new BFFs are hanging out
with us here on the West Side Highway
[Music]
who's supporting NYC drone shots am i
you want to say who your dad is on
camera sure my dad is John Hill - y'all
hit that subscribe button and now like
if any of you guys present unlike button
you know you're like whoa yeah whoa
okay so we're back from riding on the
Westside Highway
Wow and I only used up half of the light
there okay this extended-range battery
is for sure going to come and handy I
cannot wait till the spring and summer I
am just never going to stop I'm just
going to write them all of the streets
all the time I've been writing a boosted
word around New York City since I got to
New York City about a year and a half
ago it is basically how I get everywhere
so now I have up to 12 miles it's it's a
game changer
I'm going to provide a little bit of
context if you're curious about buying a
boost reward or a electric skateboard
for the first time what's the version to
boost where you can get the dual mono or
the dual plus the dual plus is what I
have always written even with the v1 the
dual plus is $14.99 and then the dual is
$12.99 I think it's worth it just has
been the extra two hundred dollars
because I'm gonna do a plus you have 22
miles per hour as a top speed opposed to
20 miles per hour and it climbs 25%
great hills opposed to 20% with the dual
now that's going to come in handy if
you're in a city like San Francisco with
the hills I have written abuse board
many times there and I just go straight
up those San Francisco hills the water
with the standard range battery is
normally 14 pounds and the extra range
battery is of course thicker so it's
going to add about an extra pound so
right now you can reserve the extra
range battery for $1.99 and they should
start shipping in December there was a
huge delay I thought I was gonna get my
battery when the v-2 came out almost
maybe but they have arrived now I'm glad
they are safe they took the time on it
so at least we know our boards aren't
gonna blow up there are so many Electric
skateboards out there to choose from
it's actually very overwhelming but I
will say those
I have read many of them and you boosted
word still is at the tippity-top people
are very obsessed with making a quick
buck in this market of oh my gosh
everyone that's an electric skateboard
so there's a lot of boards out there
with hub motors where the motor is in
the wheel and it's not a belt driven
system like a boosted board you're not
going to get the best acceleration with
hub motors and it's going to be very
difficult stop and the overall right
experience isn't as good with the best
word you have a long board type deck so
you're gonna get that flex when you're
going over clubs if you need electric
skateboard strictly for cruising
purposes maybe you live in California
and you want just a chill board to use
on the boardwalk I was are the best hub
motor electric speakers right now are
the active Lawrence now this is the
biggest second biggest model they have
but I still anything especially here in
New York would pick a boost word over
that but these are cheaper and I know
the booster board isn't the most
practical in terms of price but if
you're using an electric skateboard as a
means of transportation to get to point
A to point B you need something that's
not going to kill you and the booster
board really stands up to that task I
last thing you mentioned about the
barriers introduced word is you can now
remove the batteries you unscrew six
screws take it off and replace it if you
have a RDA charged battery or you need
to carry them on the battery and just
check your board that is what I have
done before it's definitely not super
easy like the N board but you can do it
in one to two minutes all of the board's
I talked about today and some boosters
for an accessories that I use the links
will be in the description below just as
a little disclaimer I am NOT being paid
to make this video or have ever been
paid by any electric skateboard company
used to make videos but as something
that is kind of a center of almost my
everyday living it's a super fun and
practical thing to make videos about you
guys know when I do a sponsored content
hashtags fun I'm very upfront
anyways if you guys enjoyed
you know a lot men no hit that like
button hit that subscribe button down
below for me videos every single week
come apart of the peachy fam scrub up
stay peachy I can't drive
[Applause]
[Music]